artaria cataris elevator
cataris dairon shuttle
dairon cataris shuttle
cataris artaria red
artaria cataris red
cataris dairon purple
dairon artaria elevator
artaria dairon elevator
dairon burenia upper shuttle
burenia dairon lower shuttle
dairon ferenia right elevator
ferenia dairon left elevator
dairon burenia upper shuttle
burenia ghavoran elevator
ghavoran elun shuttle
elun ghavoran shuttle
ghavoran ferenia shuttle
ferenia dairon left elevator
dairon artaria yellow
artaria cataris red
cataris ghavoran orange
ghavoran burenia green
burenia ghavoran green
ghavoran hanubia shuttle
hanubia ferenia elevator
ferenia hanubia elevator
hanubia itorash elevator
